Alrighty, ho, y'all. We are live on this
beautiful Monday afternoon.
God bless everybody in the name of Jesus
Yeshua the Messiah. I pray you and your
family are blessed.
As the Bitcoin price, guys, you can see
is consolidating in what appears to be
Honestly, I mean, if we're going to be
honest about this thing, is this
what we see right here on our screen, is
this a giant or a small bull pennant?
>> [music]
>> Right? Are we about to break out? Are we
about to blast off to 82.2 or higher?
My goodness, guys, we're going to be
talking about it today because the price
action is juicy as all get out. And
really, we are seeing some very
interesting developments here on the
Bitcoin chart. We got to say big shout
to everybody in the chat. Smash up the
dang likes, everybody. Smash up the
likes.
Because we are bringing you the juiciest
Bitcoin updates here on the YouTube.
And of course, look at this. Look at
this. Look at this
little short trade we're in here.
Big shout [snorts]
to everyone in the chat. We got to give
a big shout to Rising Sun 7297.
Big shout out to HFG. What's going on,
my bro?
Good to see you here, man. May the Lord
bless you and your family. Shout out to
Two Real For You. He says, "Where you
been, Jay? Missed you, buddy. Where you
been?
In the dog house again, LOL." Shout out
to Two Real For You. Shout out to Zephyr
2136. Bearish divergence on the
12-minute Bitcoin. Uh-oh.
Is that going to take us down?
Uh big shout out to Eight Lug Jake
726.
"What alts are the chat bots promoting?
I'm ready to buy them today."
Oh, man. Shout out to Distance Music.
"Guys, are you bullish?" Question mark.
Alrighty, I'm ready for the dump.
Alright, FB Zam says, "Stocks are
grazing crypto. Will crypto ever be
bullish again?" Yeah, some point,
probably.
"New moon is coming. Be careful, says
Marcoos. Yeah. Yeah, the new moon is
coming, guys. Like Saturday.
Saturday is a is a the new moon.
Shout out to Dr. Pancakes who says smash
the likes.
You cannot
even imagine how awesome it is to be a
Dr. Pancakes.
Honestly.
All right, look at this. All right, so
this short trade was frozen, but we're
back in action, guys. Now, just a little
recap,
we are, first of all, in the Casper Crew
VIP Discord, we gave the setup dipping
down just to around 79.
2-ish for a move up. Of course, that's
literally exactly what happened, guys.
Would you look at this? We came down
right to 79.2
for the move to the upside, and of
course, we were looking
in the Casper Crew VIP Discord for bull
divs on our 12-minute, 6-minute,
3-minute. Would you look at how awesome
it is when the price action,
you know,
look at this, guys. Would you just look
at this?
Our zone for the trade was down in this
area, right? This was our area for the
trade, right? Now, Market Cipher B would
have kept you out of a bad trade and
wouldn't have got you in into the exact
bottom, right? Look at the divergences
here. We have no divergence here. All
right. No divergence.
Momentum getting lower, money flow
getting lower. Here,
no divergence. Price didn't make a lower
low. We start to see momentum tick up.
As soon as the money flow and momentum
are getting higher, that is the bottom.
All right.
Then, of course, we took the short trade
last night
at 6:30 p.m.
We came up to
none other than
this zone right up here, and of course,
vol- locked in a $5,000 profit. All
right. A $5,000 profit shorting Bitcoin
after we gave the long, all right? In in
in the moment telling the people what
I'm doing in the Casper Crew VIP
Discord, jasoncaspertrading.com, all
right?
Now, here we are. We're looking like
we're going to make a higher high.
All right, if this trade gets stopped
out, we'll be stopped out for a $3,500
profit.
All right, I'll be stopped out for a
$3,500 profit.
All right.
So, let's see what happens here.
But, my goodness, man.
Now, the reason why we took the short
the reason why I took the short, I
shouldn't say we, but sometimes I refer
to myself as we, all right?
Jason Casper and myself.
You know, JC and me.
The reason why I took the short, guys,
is simply this. Look at Look at the
price action we had yesterday. As the
price made a wildly higher high, the
momentum waves were making a lower high.
The 12-minute time frame
as the price is making the higher high,
look at the money flow and the momentum
waves. It couldn't be simpler than that,
guys.
Couldn't be simpler than that. After
taking 3 days off of trading,
I come back Sunday evening,
take a short trade,
make a couple Gs, and now we're back to
the drawing board, baby. Now, when we
get into the dang
weekly market cipher B, we have to
acknowledge the fact that
this is looking bullish, man. I'm sorry.
I
You know, I I don't mean to apologize,
but I mean, honestly, the it's looking
bullish, man. Look at the money flow.
That's the That's the main thing I want
to talk about here. This money flow is
getting thicker. This momentum wave
crossing the zero line looking juicy,
like plenty of upside.
Plenty of upside, right? Now, one more
thing that we we cannot forget about
is our monthly time frame.
Guys, man,
if we close the month of May
as a blue candle, we might see a green
dot in June
on the monthly. And let's not forget
what the green dots on the monthly mean.
I mean, they they mean that
the bear market's over, guys.
All right. I'm not saying that's I'm not
saying it's going to happen, but
honestly, is this really it? Is this the
bear market from high to low?
50% instead of 70?
>> [music]
>> Maybe, right? Maybe. That It's very
possible. We've been talking about this
for a long time. I'm Now, I'm not saying
for certain the bottom's in, guys. Look,
I'm just taking the chart one day at a
time.
But it is very interesting to see how
bottomed out things are right now.
And, you know, something else that we do
need to be aware of is the fact that we
are in fact, you know, we've got some
major breakout weekly closes
above this level.
If we If we pull it off log scale, we
have multiple weekly closes above. On
log scale, you could even make the case
that we have the breakout and back test
of this level.
That is nothing to
scoff at, so to speak.
The one thing of concern, I'd say, is
how slow this move up has been, right?
The one thing that should be giving us
caution is this slow,
painful move to the upside.
All right. It's very slow.
It's I mean, look at like just look at
this channel, for example, guys.
It's happened very slow. Going all the
way back to April 5th, it's been over a
month, right? About 5 weeks,
give or take, of this slow, painful move
to the upside. Now, typically, when you
have slow, painful moves to the upside
like this,
one of two things happens with Bitcoin.
Either she breaks out of this, boom, and
something happens like this. All right.
Well, let's Like let's go back to the
the historic past here.
Like this here, all right? This is a
prime example of what I mean. A slow
painful move to the upside,
you know, building lots of liquidity
below and then literally straight up,
right? Straight up. Uh Bitcoin does
that, right? She does. In very bullish
market conditions, we have these slow
painful movements to the upside here
lasting days, right? This one lasted
from October 22nd all the way to
November 30th. All right? About 5 weeks
and then boom.
Boom, you know, bam, straight up to the
upside. I mean, just smacked in the face
with the dang bug zapper.
It hurts, right?
We've seen that happen with Bitcoin, but
other times,
especially in bear markets,
slow painful moves to the upside result
in a flash crash.
All right? A slow painful move to the
upside, boom.
All right? So, which one's it going to
be? Well,
I'll be honest.
I could see it going either way because
really what the market wants to do is
wreck as many people as possible. And
right now, we will have a lot of longers
be absolutely destroyed if Bitcoin comes
to make a double bottom here. Now,
remember, the high time frame bullish
confirmations,
they are very bullish, but that doesn't
mean we won't see massive amounts of
volatility.
All right? Doesn't mean we won't see we
could see massive dumps
even in bullish scenarios, especially
around these market bottoms. All right?
Like let's not forget, for example,
the 2-week green dot confirmation
down here,
you know, we eventually got a 71%
correction.
We get the confirmation of the green dot
over here, last bear market bottom. We
ended up with a 40% move to the downside
and
you know, you could even go back to
previous market bottoms like back in
2015,
right?
2015, we get the confirmation of the
green dot, but then we do end up with
about a uh a 50% drop, right? So,
look, if we do
get a 40 to 50% drop from around here,
let's say like the top would be in
around here, that is
that is another let's say I'm I'm not
saying it's going to happen, but let's
say we get a 40% drop, that is going to
drop us below 50k.
And you know,
that's honestly a pretty healthy level
to come down to.
The reason I say that is because
dropping below 50k
would allow us to back test this
very important level here,
right?
This very important level right here.
And then we could have a really nice
range
like this, right?
Yeah, not saying it's going to happen,
but it is a really nice level to come
down to. Okay, I could see it happening.
But once that monthly green dot
confirms, I would say
at least
it's it's big confirmation that we are
heading into another
higher high, I would say. A higher high,
like higher than 120 126,000.
It's very possible, right? We are coming
to that time between the summer and the
fall of 2026 where the bear market is
over.
So, that means for me any crazy drops,
any crazy if there happens to be
any kind of news event that facilitates
a massive drop, I am going to be buying
Bitcoin on spot big time because when
things are this bottomed out and we do
get those crazy corrections, when things
are super bottomed out and FTX goes down
and and Bitcoin's like a 50% drop or
when COVID happens and we're bottomed
out and Bitcoin gets a dang 70% drop, I
mean,
those are the times historically when
things are super bottomed out and then
there's some kind of news or, you know,
fundamental event that can move the
price. Historically, those are really
the times where the money is made. I
mean, I'm not
Of course, we can't predict them. That's
why they're called black swans, right?
No one can predict black swans, right?
You're you're out at the lake, you're
watching the swans go by. The last thing
you expect to see a black swan,
they're usually white, right?
You see a black swan, it changes
everything. I I never thought in a
million years I would see a black swan
swimming through the lake.
Crazy, unexpected, sensational,
sensational.
All right, it's it's pretty crazy.
But yeah, as it stands right now, we are
coming to
a very important resistance, which is
this.
First of all, we're in the golden pocket
on log scale. All right, let's not
forget the fact that we are in the
golden pocket right now on log scale. If
we take it off log scale
and put it on linear scale,
the next golden pocket is going to be
to through she sheesh, I I sound like
Joe Biden trying to read something off
the teleprompter right now.
Our next Fibonacci golden pocket is
83.3.
All right, and of course, that's taking
it from the high that we made here at
97K
down to the low at about 59.8K.
If we're coming above this golden
pocket, fellas and ladies,
ladies and fellas, fellas and ladies,
if we come up to here, we might dump
down to Hades.
Ladies and fellas, fellas and ladies, if
we reject from here, we might dump down
to Hades, and here's why.
It's a major support resistance flip.
You can clearly see
that if we're coming above this golden
pocket, we are entering back into the
range,
which means
chances are highest,
in my opinion, that we would continue
up,
potentially even to
the Fibonacci not the Fibonacci, the the
POC of the range between 96
and yeah, the golden pocket is going to
be around $100,000. So, really it's the
doorway
into much higher prices. We'll go ahead
and put this back on
the log scale. We come above this box
and it is, in my opinion, going to be a
pretty straight shot
to the next major resistance, which is
going to be around $100,000. So, you can
see how crazy this could get.
You know, as we've been looking at this
pattern saying Bitcoin loves to form
these tight consolidations that then
result
in an explosive, powerful move.
And let's see how we're doing here.
I'm in a short trade right now.
I've got $300,000 in the trade. I've
locked in about 5,500 bucks.
I'm currently up $27.
Short trade given in the Casper Crew
last night. All right.
Again, we gave the bottom
last week,
played out perfectly,
and then we gave the short last night
for that beautiful drop right here to
lock in a couple G's.
And now we're coming back to the drawing
board in the Casper Crew, waiting on our
next setup.
And so, yeah, we we can come above this
area and it could be a fast shot up to
like 96. That would be pretty crazy.
If we reclaim 96, then
there's no reason why we can't be back
up in the in above 100K, 110, 115.
There's really no reason why. There's
really even no reason why we can't hit a
new all-time high. Okay? Now,
this brings me to some speculative
scenarios. All right. Why do you
speculate, Jason? Why don't you just
tell me what's going to happen in the
future? Because I don't know how to do
that. All right? I don't know the
future.
All right? I'm not God.
But I will tell you
when it comes to trading, predicting is
going to get you nowhere. Predicting
will get you nowhere. Predicting will
literally get you nowhere.
All right? Unless you're trading on spot
and you can hold a trade idea into a
long-term investment when it doesn't go
your way, then you can make money,
right? Great. But if you're trading on
leverage, predictions are not going to
do anything for you.
Instead, what is going to give you the
most
profits is planning for multiple
scenarios.
And then if one of those scenarios plays
out, then you take a trade, right? That
way you always, no matter what happens,
like right now, I don't know if price
going to pump or dump, but if it dumps,
I have plans
to get into a juicy long trade at
support. And if it if it pumps, well, I
have plans to get into juicy short
trades at resistance. And so it relaxes
everything. You don't have to worry, "Oh
no, what's price going to do next?" You
say, "Look, price,
you do whatever you want, girl.
All right?
I will just wait for you to make the
move, and then I'll follow you, cuz I'm
a beta male.
All right? You lead the way,
girl, and I'll follow you, cuz I'm a
straight-up beta male.
You know what I'm saying? Eating my soy
boy lattes from Starbucks
with whipped cream on the top. All
right? That's what kind of trader I am.
I'm a beta male soy boy trader.
All right? I follow Bitcoin's lead,
baby.
And so if we do pump up,
you know, obviously we could look for
short here, or if we dump, we could get
a move down. But let's talk about some
speculative scenarios here. All right?
Speculative scenarios. You know, I'm a
flip-flopper, like a typical soy boy
beta male. Yeah, I can't I'm not
assertive enough to say, "Yeah, I'm
bullish, baby."
You know?
Whatever, it's 2026.
Out here in the west, we all got a
little soy boy beta in us now.
You know what I'm saying? What once air
conditioning became invented, we all
became a little soy boy betas. Let's be
honest.
Now look, if we go back in time here.
See, people are getting offended now.
They know it's true.
I'm just playing. I'm just playing you
guys.
Except for you, I'm not playing about
you. Yeah, you really are soy boy beta.
Everyone else, I'm just messing with you
guys.
Except for you. All right. Now, here's
the thing. We go back in time, right?
And we I think it's very interesting to
talk to look at the Fibonacci golden
pockets.
The macro ones, all right? From the bull
market tops to the bear market bottoms.
All right. Look at this one, for
example. This was back in 2019.
All right. Just before the vid was
invented.
Well, we obviously know it was invented.
The vaccine was patented way back like
in the day, right? But
this this is before the vid went viral.
>> [laughter]
>> All right. We come up to the golden
pocket
after we bottomed out and we get a
massive move to the downside. Now,
obviously this was facilitated by the
news of the the the the pandemic, right?
But here's the thing.
E- even if we hadn't had the pandemic,
you could at least say maybe we would
have come down to test this base here,
right? Very interesting.
Now, let's take a look then at the next
time we get the golden pocket from the
bull market top to the low.
Now, this time this happened right when
the ETF came out.
Back in January 2024. Never forget that
day.
And we actually get a move down of about
21%, right?
Now, we can go back in times again and
and realize that even in extremely Well,
I just My point is here, even in
extremely bullish conditions, right? We
get a pullback from that Fibonacci
golden pocket macro. I I I feel like
it's inevitable
that we don't get at least something
from that Fibonacci golden pocket macro.
I mean, even back here, right? We pull
the fib from the high
to the low.
Uh let's see. Do I Is this on log scale?
Cuz I I know for certain
that this is that this actually did
happen.
What What might Am I losing my mind? Am
I losing my mind?
I have pulled this fib so many times.
And I could have sworn
I'm literally going crazy, man. I I
could have sworn that we got a rejection
from here. Maybe I pulled it on a
different exchange.
Very strange. This is some strange
stuff, man. I'm literally I'm losing it.
I am losing it right now, guys. All
right?
Well, sometimes we get nothing then
apparently according to this chart.
I guess I have a bad memory. It's one of
the effects of drinking too many soy boy
lattes. You know what I'm saying? It's
the GMO soy.
All those phytoestrogens coming to get
you. You know what I'm saying? Those
microplastics coming out the water just
to get you. You know?
It's not my fault that I can't handle
life. It's all the microplastics in the
water coming to get me. You know what
I'm saying?
But anyway, I wouldn't be surprised if
we come up to this Fibonacci golden
pocket. It's around $100,000. Let's go
ahead and pull from the high to the low.
Let's go ahead and take a look at the
range. All right? Boom bam kabing,
right?
And uh
man, it's not a good day for me with
these fib pulls, huh?
Jason Jason Capital
There. You can always tell when
someone's just like it doesn't actually
trade just like trying to pretend on
YouTube cuz man, they just can't do
anything right. You know? I can't do
anything right.
Ah, let me try this again. Here we go.
It wouldn't have surprised me at all if
we come up to this level and get a major
pullback from here. Either we get a
pullback to back test the value area
low. That's like a 17% pullback. Now,
that's going to be a lot. Think about
it. When we're up towards 100k and then
we're coming back down into the 70s,
people going to be losing it.
Just like they lost it when we came down
into the 70s over here in April 2025 and
when we came down here in December 2025,
right? People lose it. So, we're above
100k back in the 70s, people would lose
it. It's a beautiful support resistance
flip right here, man. All right, that is
one thing to be aware of. The next thing
to be aware of is this. I do think that
we need to
prepare ourselves for the end of the
four-year cycle. It's the big debate.
The four-year cycle is a here or is it
gone?
You know, it's a wild debate.
The The reason why we're having the
debate is because
we made a new all-time high before the
Bitcoin halving for the first time in
history
in March 2024.
The The second thing is we didn't get a
big pullback
before the halving like we usually do.
It was a just a 20% pullback.
And so, the argument goes, "Well,
institutional money's coming in now.
We're never going to see a 70% drop
again. Maybe the most we get is a 50%
drop." Okay.
Now, what if What if What if
instead of a typical four-year bear bull
cycle, what if this is just a range for
a while?
What if this is just a range for a
while?
What if we come up here,
we do this, we get our inverted head and
shoulders like everyone and their
grandmothers going to be talking about
when we do this, right? And then we
simply just get a fake out of the high.
And then we come back down into the
range.
What if we stay in this range for a
while now?
It's very possible.
If we take a look at the weekly time
frame,
we could see that as things stand right
now,
if this does happen within the next few
months,
we could have an extremely bearish
divergence
on the weekly time frame. Like another
drive. That could happen.
Right? So, these are two potentially
bearish scenarios that I am aware of
because I know
both of these would wreck a lot of
people, right? We're up at around 100k,
everyone saying we're so back, we're so
back, we're so back. Drop it down 20%.
All right? From the macro golden pocket
PLC. I would be shocked if we don't get
something from this. This is one of
those trades where I will limit order
into, all right? Most likely.
If I see price
coming up to these areas, I'll probably
set limit orders here because I believe
I can make money on this even if we
don't get 20%. If we get 5%, if we get
3%, I can make some money on this,
right? And then of course
being aware of this fake-out scenario,
right?
That would wreck so many people because
this really would be like
the end of that four-year bear bull
cycle where we expect hundreds of
percent. We we range a little bit longer
here,
right? Range a little longer. Imagine
this.
Imagine something like this, right?
Before we actually start to make our
highs. Cuz I am bullish on Bitcoin,
don't get me wrong. I am super bullish.
But this would just be like, "Wow. Wow,
we're really we're really here with
Bitcoin right now? Like we're just
trading sideways, right? Support
resistance,
you know?"
That would wreck a lot of people. I'm
not saying it's going to happen, but
it's something I'm very much so aware of
just because
you got to be aware, like I said.
You got to have those plans. So in case
something happens, you are ready to pull
the dang trigger. Now we are up right
now $286 on this
on this Bitcoin short trade cuz we were
prepared. We took the trade in the
moment in the Casper Crew VIP Discord at
JasonCasperTrading.com,
all right?
Um by the way, guys, I got to give a
major shout-out to first of all
Antarctic decentralized exchange. I got
to give a major shout-out to um Youbit,
which right now is offering this
bonus. All right. Also, Case X offering
this juicy $21,000 bonus.
All right. And I got to give a major
shoutout also to Client Funding Crypto
Prop Firm as well as
Bit Funding. All right, two
crypto prop firms that I'm officially
partnered with.
All right, for uh Client Funding, I do
have 15% discounts on these funded
accounts. All right. So, it's pretty
dang cool. Just check it out in the
description and all and all that stuff.
Uh
as the Bitcoin price right
[clears throat] now, we will go down and
do some more lower term time frame
analysis. So, we talked about the
bullishness of the weekly. We talked
about potential rejections from number
one right around 83, number two right
around 96, and then number three a fake
out of the whole thing.
Right? If this is an actual like
descending channel here kind of deal,
you know, some people might even say,
"Look, it's a giant falling wedge."
Whatever. The target of this would be
the high, right? The technical target
would be a high. If we were to clear off
everything
and just draw this old-fashioned
wedge, right?
Just a classic wedge pattern.
The target is the high of the wedge,
right? So, you So, you'd look for a new
high.
Okay?
>> [music]
>> Now, let's let's zoom in now. We've gone
to our daily time frame. We've kind of
invalidated bearish divergence dancing
on the line.
We need to have a fast move here. If
we're going to pump, it needs to be
fast.
Because the longer we consolidate
underneath this area, the more time we
could form bearish divergences.
Something needs to happen. We need We
need to get a big pump or a big dump.
All right, we go down to our 4-hour.
This is where things get interesting.
4-hour time frame. Hidden bullish
divergences out the wazoo.
On the 4-hour time frame, this to me
looks very, very bullish. All right.
Extremely bullish. Here's why. You know,
from the low
right here,
and this is the low, you know, in the
Casper Crew VIP Discord, we took this
trade in the moment.
All right, I told people I'm limiting in
here. I got my limit order set. I'm
telling I'm going long, you know, all
this stuff, right?
I made
honestly, from from that low from that
low, I think what did I make? What was
it? Like 65k on that trade? I've since
closed it out.
All right, but um
we have the bottom here, right?
Then look at this.
As we make higher highs,
we are seeing hidden bullish divergence.
What hidden bullish divergence? Hidden
bullish divergence as the price is
respecting a trend line of support,
the oscillator is continuously printing
lower lows. All right, these are
continuation patterns. Now, what I
really like is this. Do you guys
remember the epic trade
that I took on Wednesday,
the 29th of April? I took it live during
the FOMC,
literally catching the exact bottom. It
was the most epic thing in the world. I
can't even believe I did that. But I put
$500,000 onto a long trade live in front
of thousands of viewers right here,
$500,000.
The reason why I took such an aggressive
trade here is because this bottom is not
just any old hidden bullish divergence.
We had a hidden bullish divergence mixed
with a regular bullish divergence.
Right, price is making higher lows,
momentum is making lower lows.
But then when we zoom in on the same
time frame, price is making a lower low
and momentum is making a higher low.
This is the most bullish thing you could
possibly see.
All right, not only do we have the
hidden bullish divergence, but locally,
when we take a look, we got the left and
the right, the coveted uneven butt cheek
pattern. Juicy on the left side. You pop
it with a pin, you squeeze the gravy
out, the ravioli.
There's nothing like some ravioli. You
guys like ravioli in the chat?
I love ravioli. Oh my goodness.
Speaking of ravioli, guys, I'll be right
back.
I'll be right back. Oh man, I'll be
right back. Like the stream.
Sorry, guys. Look, the egg code for
today is egg. All right, the egg code
for today is egg. And I am, you know,
like I said, speaking of ravioli, I had
some I had some food in the in the oven
that I needed to check here. Cuz you
know, I'm a weirdo. I do all my meal
prepping on Sunday or Monday and so I
had some some grass-fed, grass-finished,
local
ground beef
in the in the oven, right?
And so I had to I had to take that out
cuz there's nothing I hate more than dry
beef all week. Guys hate dry beef? I
like my beef nice and juicy like the
uneven butt cheek pattern.
Got By the way, guys, the egg code for
today's stream is egg. All right, if you
want some eggs in the Discord, the code
is egg.
Who would have thought that the code
would be egg?
All right. Look, I keep it simple here.
Don't over Don't overcomplicate things
right now.
So we have this really juicy bottom,
right?
And then from this point on, look,
another hidden bullish divergence on the
4-hour. And we are coming right now. We
are breaking and coming and breaking and
coming up above this 786.
All right. So I honestly, the fact that
we're above the 786 now means we're
probably going for a new high. We might
see a new high popping right in today.
We might witness a new high live
right now. All right, let's go to the
order flow. See how she's printing. All
right.
How's the order flow doing? All right,
let's check it out here.
Let's see. Let's see.
Um
>> [snorts]
>> You're uh We're not going to see a new
low. I mean, I hope we see a new low,
man. Look, if we don't see a new low,
I'm also I'm going to have to change my
plan cuz I was expecting and hoping to
buy Bitcoin under 50k and eventually
under 40k, right? So I only have 1/3 of
my spot position uh filled right now,
right? I only have 1/3 of my spot
position filled. Holy moly macaroni and
cheese, baby. Wow, would you look at
this, please?
Oh my goodness. Holy moly macaroni and
cheese. Oh baby, would you look at this,
please?
You know?
Oh, man.
Macaroni and cheese. you look at this?
Would you look at this?
All right, first of all, holy [music]
moly macaroni and cheese, look at the
order flow chart, please, baby, please.
[music] We got the cream cheese
[singing] just to spread it on my knees
then we're going outside honk honk like
the geese. We're flying
[music and singing] south for the
winter. Bitcoin price like a wood got
the splitter. I got to tell you
something, [music and singing] listen
very closely. The Bitcoin price looking
like Pelosi. Yeah, we got the inside
trading right here. [music] Now, sit
back, relax and let me spit it in your
ear [singing] price gets higher and the
CBD gets lower, it's called absorption
and then we start to blow up to the
[music] top. Price never stops. We hit
the spot, we never drop. Market makers
trying to rock with that we stop. It
means it's about to get bullish. The
Bitcoin price, man, listen to the So
Cash. Uh.
I mean I mean it. I mean it what I say.
That is some bullish CBD right there.
Um.
Look at this bullish CBD. We have shorts
opening up. Short, shorts opening up.
We have CBD getting lower. Shorts
opening up. They're unable to make lower
lows here.
This is looking bullish to me, guys.
We have right now,
would you I mean, you could see that as
the price
is maintaining higher lows like this,
the CBD is getting lower, the open
interest is getting higher.
That is called bullish CBD. That means
the the market makers are trying to
entice
us retail traders to go short here.
>> [laughter]
>> Right?
Uh-oh.
I'm having some trouble loading the
screen. What is going on?
What is going on? Uh shout out to
everyone in the chat. We got some super
chats in the house.
Shout out to Crypto Crank.
He says, "That was the craziest short of
my life, dude. ADK." I I know what short
you're talking about, Crypto Crank. I'm
sorry for the context is
has been lost here, but that is a crazy
short my man, 80K.
Shout out to CryptoKrunk. Thank you so
much for the super chat, man. I
appreciate you. Shout out to Dennis
Marv. Thanks for family advice last
week, Jay. I have a present for you.
You can find it on USDT
chart Cypher B monthly. What do you
think?
All right, let's check out the USDT
monthly chart.
USDT.D
On the monthly. Let's check it.
Let's check it.
We got the red dot. Oh, man.
Yeah, I see that Dennis Marv.
Guys, we've got the red dot on the
monthly USDT.
You know, we we need a red dot on the
USDT.
Um
Should you look at this?
I wish
I wish we could say it was a
a bearish divergence, but we can't say
that, but we can say it's a red dot.
Which
I mean, honestly
man, I mean, let's just be honest.
You know, when we had the green dot
on the monthly, that was the bottom
for USDT Dom, right? [music]
So, maybe we do something like this.
Man, I hope we do something like this.
It would be actually really nice to do
something like that. Take the [music]
high, take the high and get a nice bear
div on the monthly. That would be crazy.
Uh
if that were to happen, that that would
mean Bitcoin would probably be making
another lower low or at least coming
down for a double bottom, but yeah. It's
looking toppy on USDT Dom. What does
that mean, guys? Well,
let's just say the last time we had a
top on USDT Dom, this was the top for
Bitcoin.
I'm sorry.
This was the bottom for Bitcoin, right?
Last time we had the red dot uh
printing, that was the bottom for
Bitcoin. We did make a higher high back
there.
All right, we did make a a slightly
higher high back there, right?
Wrong.
I'm wrong. We made it But we made a
really nice double top.
So, yeah. Yeah, that is nice. That does
make it Man, you know, it's really hard
for me to feel that
It's hard for me to be bearish macroly
with all this kind of stuff.
All right, let's check out what's
happening here. What's happening? Why is
my order flow chart not working?
All right, my order flow chart is not
working. What is going on with this?
What is going on?
See if
if we can't get this to work on another
tab here.
All right.
Go to the 15 minutes.
Yeah, we're we're seeing shorts opening
up here. They're trying.
They are trying.
You know, got it like a 100 million.
About 100 million shorts opening up
right here.
So, let's see. Let's see if we can't uh
break out of this, all right?
Let's see if we can't break out. Let's
go down to our 5-minute chart here.
We are I mean, we are struggling. We got
the struggles right now. You guys see
this?
Chop city got the struggles.
We got the struggles in chop city.
Um
big shoutout to Doc the Goat. Shoutout
to Hopium Copium.
The short from 82.3 to 80.5 was Oh, wow,
that's awesome, man. Crypto Crank,
that's that's an awesome trade, bro.
Um wow, you short at 82.3? That's crazy,
man.
That is a pretty crazy trade.
Shoutout to Kodak.
He says from October 2027 to 2030, we
will see money growing on a tree
blooming like a flower. Well, I hope
you're right, man. You know, ain't
nothing like money growing on a tree
blooming like a flower.
Um
shoutout to Investment Time BD. Shoutout
to Follow Baba. He says, "Hello."
Shoutout to Brilliance who says silver
will flip the switch.
What do I think about shorting soul from
100? I mean I feel like it's a very
important psychological level. I feel
like a lot of people
you know [music] would be also
interested in that.
It's I mean it's a key psychological
level and really I mean the general idea
for soul
that I've drawn out here is something
like that right?
We would like to come up
a little bit higher here and form some
kind of
nice bottom. It would be really nice if
soul rejects from 100
ish right?
Support resistance flip take the highs.
[music]
Let me clear this off right?
Basically we have a very important
support resistance flip it around $100
on soul right around here. You could see
it would be coming up to the high of the
range.
We have the daily order block there as
well and this would allow us to come
down at least to test our base.
Which would be a very healthy move or
even more healthy would be to come down
and then come back [music] in
and then test the base and then break
out so we could have the nice
one two three rounded bottom.
There's nothing I like more than rounded
bottoms on market cipher B when the
price action makes that nice. That's how
you know really. That's how you know.
When you know you know.
When you know you know right? From the
moment. From the moment I laid eyes on
her I knew. I knew we're about to pump.
We're about to pump right? In the Casper
Crew VIP Discord. We wanted to see that
bullish divergence right? Then then you
just know. You just know boom baby.
Kaboom baby kaboom. All right.
Um
Let's see who else we got in here.
Big shout out to divine food man. God
bless you my brother. Good to see you.
Crypto Nate B says yo I'm not a Chinese
agent."
>> [music]
>> Okay.
Um
82.3 to 82.5 was the level I was
watching for a month. Yeah, I remember
that, bro. Um
That was the macro golden pocket, right?
That was the macro golden pocket.
Correct.
On log scale, at least.
So, let's see what happens here. This is
It's quite an interesting price action
that we got going on.
Shout out to the Daffbit 25.
Shout out to Getchy M9Q. You can get a
shout out, my bro. You can get a shout
out, for sure, for sure, for sure.
For sure, for sure, for sure.
For sure, [music] for sure, for sure.
For sure,
>> [music]
>> my friend. For sure, my friend.
Hey, yo. You could get a shout out, for
sure, my friend. When you watch Jason
Casper, the [music] fun never ends.
We're making all the money, buying a new
Mercedes-Benz. We're hanging out with
our good friend [music] Ben. I'm talking
about Ben Armstrong, aka Bitcoin. You
know he didn't last long. He was so
annoying, [music] but he's a cool guy.
No hate, all love for my man. Hope he
stays strong.
>> [music]
>> It's a big call out to us all. Don't let
the money go to your head at all,
otherwise you could go [music] from the
top to the bottom, taking long and short
trades. Baby, can you even spot them?
But, uh
we out here, we looking at the trees.
[music]
We're looking at the flowers, attracting
the [singing] bees. Cuz you know they
suck the nectar to make honey. [music]
But, we're here on the charts just to
make money. Oh.
Um
Ben Owen
Ben Shapiro
It depends.
Uh
>> [music]
>> do we have inflation tomorrow?
Yeah, shout out to Crypto Cranky. So,
everyone needs to lock it in. Don't get
chopped. Don't get chopped, guys. Mid
chop chop, none of that stuff, right?
Um
Yeah.
Yeah, mid chop chop. All right.
Mid chop chop.
Um
All right, guys. Smash up the likes.
And yeah, I got to head out, man. I love
you guys. God bless you guys in Jesus'
name. I'll see you guys later. Peace.